Hey hi Pheebs are you moving out no
these aren't all my suitcases
this one's Paolo's um Rachel can we talk
for a sec well sugar just four sick dogs
Pal is on his way over
oh okay um okay um Oh Pheebs we haven't
known each other for that long a time
and there are three things that you
should know about me one my friends are
the most important thing in my life too
I never lie in three I make the best
oatmeal raisin cookies in the world
okay thanks feet whatever never tasted
this before
oh I don't make them a lot because I
don't think it's fair to the other
cookies
well you're right these are the best
opinel raisin cookies I've ever had
which proves that I never lie I guess
you don't hollow made a pass at me
are you okay I need some milk
okay I've got milk
here you go better know Oh feel so
stupid
I think about the other day with you
guys you know when I was all oh Paulo
he's so great he makes me feel stuff I'm
so embarrassed
I'm so embarrassed I'm the one he hit on
okay be my girl I never know how to miss
one thing we ever happened to you I'm so
sorry me people I'm sorry no I'm sorry
oh wait Oh are we sorry about I don't
know
right he's the pig such a pig
oh god he's such a pig oh he's like
there's like a big disgusting here like
a king pig man yes good okay oh but he
was my opinion how did I not see this
oh wait oh because he's gorgeous and
he's charming and when he looks at me
okay at the end
uh God should I not have told you no no
trust me it's it's it's much better than
I know ah I just liked it better before
it was better